How many new cases have been reported in Austria today?
How many new Covid cases are there in the UK today?
What is the current vaccination rate in Finland?
How many vaccinations were administered on the 25.01.2022 in Austria?
Did the number of new covid cases in Italy increase since yesterday?
How many people have been vaccinated so far in Austria?
How many people have tested positive for Covid in Germany today?
How many cases in denmark today
how many vaccines in denmark today
Tell me the number of positive cases in denmark
how many people where infected in denmark in the past week
how many people where vaccinated in egypt in the past week
How many people are vaccinated in Europe?
What percentage of the spanish population is vaccinated?
How many people from Finland have tested positive for Covid in the last year?
Are more than 70% of the German population vaccinated against Covid?
Which European country has the highest COVID vaccination rate?
How many people tested positive for COVID on average per day in Austria last year?
How many cases are there today?
How many cases did we have yesterday?
Are there more than 15 000 cases in Austria today?
How many people got vaccinated today?
How many people will get vaccinated tomorrow? :P
Did we reach 50 000 cases per day already?
What was the highest amount of cases recorded?
How many vaccines were administered a week ago?
What is the total number of vaccinated people in Sweden?
Give me the number of jabs administered in England in the last year
number of vaccinations worldwide
vaccinations worldwide today
How many vaccines have been given to people over the course of the last month in the country of Belgium?
Hello Chatbot! I was spending the whole day thinking about how many Covid-19 vaccines, e.g. BNT162b2, AZD1222 or Ad26.COV2.S have been administered in my beloved home country of Australia on my birthday, the 25th of January. Could you maybe answer that question for me?
How many positive tests have there been today in Italy?
new cases today austria
corona tested positive yesterday europe
Number of positive tests in russia
Last year, how many people tested positive for the coronavirus in Spain alone?
How many positive tests have been there in Austria, Germany and Switzerland together this month?
How many vaccinations were performed in Uganda on July 2nd, 2021?
How many vaccinations were performed in Hungary on July 2nd, 2019?
How many new cases were discovered in Serbia in 2021?
How many new cases were detected in Russia in 2018?
What country had the highest percentage of new cases per 100 000 in September 2020?
Which country has the highest percentage of vaccinated people?
What is the ratio of vaccinated people to number of confirmed cases in a certain country
On average, by how many percent did number of confirmed cases drop after 2 weeks after the commenencement of adminstration of the second dose?
What is the vaccinated: confirmed case ratio comparing different types of vaccines
What is the peak number of confirmed cases in certain country
What is the peak number of vaccinated people in a day of a certain country
How many new cases of COVID are there today in Hong Kong?
How many new cases of COVID are this week in Hong Kong?
Which country has had the most corona cases?
On which day were the most cases reported?
In which country did most people get vaccinated?
How many people are vaccinated?
How many people were vaccinated tody?
How many corona cases got reported today?
How you doin'?
how many cases do we have in austria
which region in austria has the highest incidence?
when did austria have the highest number of infections?
which european country has the most covid deaths per capita?
has austria or switzerland more new cases last week?
Which country in Europe had the highest number of cases on the 9th of February 2022?
Which African country performed the most vaccinations between 02/02/2022 and 09/02/2022?
On which day was the highest number of new cases reported in Brazil?
Which countries reported on the 7th of February 2022 more than 100.000 new cases?
Which country had the highest vaccination rate by February 6th, 2022?
How many vaccine shots were administered in Austria on the 9th February 2022?
Could you tell me which how many new COVID cases were reported in Austria on 2nd February 2022?